# Well Done!
Now that we know how to use the editor, you'll notice that your cursor now renders as a vertical bar. This means that you are in insert mode.

You'll also notice that `hjkl` don't work in this mode, but don't worry, the arrow keys still do.

Now, if you press the `escape` key, the editor will now drop the `INSERT` mode and you should only see `NORMAL` in the bottom left.
Now that we're out of `INSERT` mode, let's learn how to delete characters.

By default, `Kerbin` uses keybindings somewhat similar to vim. meaning that `x` deletes the character that the cursor is hovering.
Using this knowledge, remove all characters from within the brackets below.

[some random dumb text] <!-- Expect: "" -->

Once this is done, lets do this again but make it much simpler. You see how text is split into words? We're going to do something better to delete this.
Pressing the `d` key, you'll see a menu show up in the bottom left. These are all the delete keybindings you can press after the `d` key.
The one we care about right now is the one labeled `Delete Word`, you should see on the left of that, the letter `w`, meaning if we press `dw` we will delete a word.
If you want to drop a menu in a keybinding like this, just press any keybind that isn't in the menu, normally, `esc` would do this well.

Now delete this next text. We want to see an empty text box again, so use a combination of `dw` and `x` to clear the box!
(If you delete any part of the box, don't worry, just enter `i` mode and add it back!)

[much easier to abacadaba delete now!] <!-- Expect: "" -->
