# Advanced Power & System

You're almost a Kerbin expert! Let's learn about Multicursors and System commands.

## Multicursors
Kerbin has powerful multicursor support.
- Press `shift-c` (or `C`) to create a new cursor on the line below, this is now your primary cursor.
- Press `c` to enter **Multicursor Mode**.
- You can then type, delete, or move all cursors at once, the possibilities are limitless!
- Press `esc` to exit Multicursor mode and return to Normal mode.

## Saving and Quitting
- To **Save** the current file, press `;` followed by `w`. (Think: **W**rite).
- To **Quit** the editor, press `;` followed by `shift-q` (or `Q`).
- To **Close** the current buffer (file) without quitting the whole editor, press `;` followed by `q`.

## Managing Buffers
- To go to the **Next** buffer, press `g` then `n`.
- To go to the **Previous** buffer, press `g` then `p`.

## File Picker
- Press `space` then `f` then `f` to search for files (FZF).
- Press `space` then `f` then `t` to show a file tree (YAZI).

Each of these tools will need to be installed to run their respective commands

## Test: Multicursor
Use multicursors to add "Item: " to the start of these lines.
1. Move to the first line.
2. Press `shift-c` twice to add cursors to the next two lines.
3. Press `c` to enter multicursor mode.
4. Press `i` to enter insert mode (You'll notice multicursor mode is sitting below insert mode).

[Apple] <!-- Expect: "Item: Apple" -->
[Banana] <!-- Expect: "Item: Banana" -->
[Cherry] <!-- Expect: "Item: Cherry" -->
